alright we're we're here with Alec who
was that angelica's birthday party and
you perform right yep i lo three tell me
about what you choreographed tell me
about the piece because we didn't get to
talk to you after the show um well that
one was it was Halloween so we did a it
was like a alien abduction type thing
and I pretty much transformed them into
one of mine and then we all just started
busting out yeah how did you get asked
to do that well I know fanny pack I know
them I know all of them they're very
nice people and they're just like Alec
do you want to come to our show them
like no of course I would do something
like that they're amazing I they just
they love what I do I love what they do
we very good family or anything so what
are you doing tonight tonight is very
different it's carnival circus type
thing it's freaks and the carnies and
the current the freaks just finished
their performance and now the carnies
are doing their version of the show and
the freaks are actually watching us
because we're very or angry because they
torture as they they make us do things
that we don't want to do and so now
we're showing on the piece of our mind
so okay and lastly where do you teach at
all anywhere or how can people like see
your your dancing or get to know you and
stuff like that well on youtube I have a
lot of my videos all everything that I
do is on YouTube Alec be clausen a LEC
b.c.l AWS 0 n ok or i just i teach
everywhere i'm sprat sporadically
teaching everywhere i'm actually gonna
be teaching in Switzerland so people are
going to be seeing a lot of different
places for me to teach hopefully i'm
going to start teaching somewhere like
Debbie Reynolds or millennium okay and
do you have like a website or Twitter or
something people can find you and find
out like what you're doing next dude
twitter is a at ABC CA 11 or myspace com
/a bc CA 11 alright well thank you go
have fun at your carney right Kearney ok
hi I'm la carne yes I'm an angry Kearney
ok alright well have fun tonight thank
you so much